1436790/1438462: Part 2: 10 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10235)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/app-domains/how-to-load-assemblies-into-an-application-domain.md

> [!NOTE]
>  Starting with the .NET Framework version 2.0, the runtime will not load an assembly that was compiled with a version of the .NET Framework that has a higher version number than the currently loaded runtime. This applies to the combination of the major and minor components of the version number.  
  

>  You can specify the way the just-in-time (JIT) compiled code from loaded assemblies is shared between application domains. For more information, see [Application Domains and Assemblies](/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/43wc4hhs(v=vs.100)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can specify the way the just-in-time (JIT) compiled code from loaded assemblies is shared between application domains. For more information, see [Application domains and assemblies](application-domains.md#application-domains-and-assemblies).  
```

- [Reflection](../../../docs/framework/reflection-and-codedom/reflection.md)
- [Using Application Domains](../../../docs/framework/app-domains/use.md)
- [How to: Load Assemblies into the Reflection-Only Context](../../../docs/framework/reflection-and-codedom/how-to-load-assemblies-into-the-reflection-only-context.md)

> - [Application Domains and Assemblies](/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/43wc4hhs(v=vs.100))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Application domains and assemblies](application-domains.md#application-domains-and-assemblies)
```
